Ladies and Gentlemen,

I want to take you back to a moment that feels like a lifetime ago: grade 8 
all-star band. A moment of extraordinary clumsiness that quite literally knocked 
the breath out of a young Zelia. I didn't even notice it then, but looking back, 
I realize it symbolized the start of an extraordinary love story. Perhaps it was 
God's peculiar way of telling us, "Hey, you two belong together!"

Before Zelia came into my life, I was a different person. I was that guy who was 
known for his knack for procrastination, the one who would disappear into the 
depths of the most esoteric interests. And then, Zelia entered my world. She 
brought balance, acting as the anchor I didn't know I needed. Without her, 
today's wedding and our upcoming honeymoon would have been nothing more than 
vague, unexecuted ideas - maybe with the exception of a meticulously researched 
kombucha selection.

If you'd asked a younger me what the most valuable quarter of my life was, I 
would have proudly presented you with my limited edition 2008 Wayne Gretzky 
quarter. But today, I stand here six years into a journey of love with Zelia, 
and I can confidently tell you that these past six years have been the most 
precious quarter of my life.

Zelia, as I look at you today, I am breathless. I tell you this all the time, 
and you always seem to underestimate my sincerity. Each day when I see you, I 
find myself blurting, "Wow, you look amazing!" and you just roll your eyes. But 
today, I hope, you'll finally believe me when I say you are absolutely stunning. 
Your beauty, both inside and out, is a constant reminder of how fortunate I am 
to be with you.

From hiking the majestic trails of Gros Morne to traversing the mythical 
landscapes of Hyrule, there is no one else with whom I'd rather experience the 
world. From our attempts at homemade carbonara to dining at Michelin-starred 
restaurants, there's no one else with whom I'd rather share a meal. Zelia, you 
are my ultimate partner in life, love, and adventure.

Nothing has proved that more than the past six months of our wedding planning. 
Your dedication and love have been evident in every detail. The meticulous care 
you've put into today is a testament to the love you have for me, and for us. I 
am incredibly grateful for your effort in making this wedding and our honeymoon 
so special.

Many say that your wedding day is the best day of your life. But I find that 
hard to believe because for technically the majority of today, I wasn't 
officially married to you, Zelia. So, I can only conclude that every day that 
follows will be even better, as I have the privilege of waking up next to you, 
my wife.

Zeal, my brilliant bride, I promise to be there for you through all the ups and 
downs. I promise to be your rock, your partner, and your best friend. Above all, 
I promise to love you with all my heart, now and forever.

And so, I invite you all to raise your glasses. Here's to a lifetime of love, 
laughter, and happiness with Zelia. Cheers!
