My Dearest Zeal,

As we stand on the threshold of a new chapter in our lives, I find myself 
reflecting on the extraordinary journey that has led us to this moment. Our love 
story, filled with serendipity and surprises, began the day I accidentally 
bumped into you in eighth-grade all-star band and continued when you asked me 
out over the phone from Paris, urged on by your friends. Each experience has 
been a building block, fortifying the foundation of our love and commitment to 
each other. As we prepare to unite in marriage, my heart swells with awe and 
gratitude for the path that has unfolded, weaving our beautiful tale.

"Zeal," the endearing nickname I've given you, encapsulates the fervor 
and enthusiasm you bring into our lives and our relationship. Your passion for 
the arts, relentless pursuit of perfection, and ability to delve beneath the 
surface have always inspired me to be the best version of myself. Falling in 
love, as Timothy Keller describes it, is witnessing who God is creating in your 
partner and yearning to be a part of that journey. I am overjoyed to be the one 
accompanying you as you strive for your dreams and realize your remarkable 
potential. You possess a fire for life and a spark of creativity that ignites my 
soul. I eagerly await the day when we might stand before God's throne, and 
I too can proudly say, "I always knew you could be like this. I glimpsed it on 
earth, but now look at you!"

Throughout the past six years, we have experienced the highest highs and the 
lowest lows. Despite occasional separations and the tempestuous nature of our 
relationship at times, we've emerged more resilient and deeply connected than 
ever. Our love has been tested, and through God's grace, we've found the 
strength to persevere. As my best friend, there is no one else with whom I'd 
rather share my joys, sorrows, and laughter. Your eyes, alight with excitement, 
and your smile, radiant in moments of happiness, have come to symbolize love for 
me. Your steadfast commitment, even in the face of my every weakness and 
strength, attests to the power of our love. Timothy Keller also writes, "To be 
loved but not known is comforting but superficial. To be known and not loved is 
our greatest fear. But to be fully known and truly loved is, well, a lot like 
being loved by God." Zeal, you have granted me the gift of being wholly known 
and genuinely loved, and for that, I am eternally grateful.

Your unwavering faith in Christianity has illuminated my life, and I am forever 
thankful that you showed me what being loved by God is like, in more ways than 
one. As it is written in Ecclesiastes 4:12, "Though one may be overpowered, two 
can defend themselves. A cord of three strands is not quickly broken." Our 
marriage is not merely a union between us but a sacred covenant with God, and I 
am honored to have you by my side as we embark on this new chapter of our lives.

Let us recall the words of Ephesians 5:25, "Husbands, love your wives, just as 
Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her." I vow to love, honor, and 
cherish you for the rest of my days, just as Christ loves His church. And let us 
also remember Proverbs 3:3-4, "Let love and faithfulness never leave you; bind 
them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart. Then you will win 
favor and a good name in the sight of God and man." Together, we shall let love 
and faithfulness guide us on this wondrous journey.

As we stand before God and our loved ones on our wedding day, I am reminded of 
the words of 1 Corinthians 13:4-7: "Love is patient, love is kind. It does not 
envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not 
self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does 
not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always 
trusts, always hopes, always perseveres." My love for you embodies these words, 
and I vow to cherish, honor, and love you for all the days of my life.

Yours eternally,

Simon

